and so cool guys with you and me
Today I 'll show you the cleo plugin from cheese
Tim
oh didn't paste aes f plugin how to become also
actor pass greetings to hin caron
admin revol dm so here a
today super glue super set plugin from
tim cheese
he is called so for super gun
press f2 opens us
such a menu and you can move where we
want to look at fuck this is activation
double is a double shot that is for now
that we will not include it put
enable and slot 2 see slot is slot
our weapons as we see 24 this is deagle this
and that is, it is written here
weapon that is deagle 24 shot gun at me
still this 25 is also the number of rounds and
okay I'll close the menu and
so that is, we have this here
shoots very quickly shoots off
i.e
something like + c I don’t know
here is clio
Okay, then press double and let's say
put slot 3 is a joke and here too
I was constantly
and here we have it will take
weapons that is sho find something cheap
apple is better to remove one and put you
up to a heap
will start shotgun
and then switch to bandits
and you can put on two that is, will have
better shoot
You can put 122 here we must clean
dean's office
that is, we will not have a military shot
will only change the deagle
here is sf plugin i think you understand how what
Acts I advise you to come in better is the same
check also there is an open site then
is there when you click here you will
noblesse through or prime move
throw over to arrange this sf
plug you need to throw in daddy in
root of the game it is called fox itself there
you throw this plugin go in
the game if you do not have this daddy
I advise you to install the Fuchs by 100
how to establish the fact go to the game and
you eat with it you will have daddy
on this and all are joining the group in
contact subscribe to the channel set
likes swami was bench good luck everyone
until